I have some likes
I like to read detective stories and watch stories on T.V . I like the game badminton  Also I like to meet my friends.I also like travelling by train.
I enjoyed some pleasant journeys with my parents.
Enjoy collecting pictures of great players from newspapeI like vegetarian dish.
Among foods prefer sweets.
I have a great love for nature.  I feel closeness with nature.
I like to dress pink cloths in summar and dark black winter.
I lke lisining music.I like  painting.I have great  love  for natural beauty  and open environment.
I like to see green fields ripping water and beautiful flowers.
My  choice falls on a simple dress.I belive  in simple living and  high thinking.
Reading good book is my hobby.
I have some dislike
I dislike early raising.I dislike textbooks.I don,t like fastfood
I don,t like put silican cloths I  hate selfish,dishonest and cunning person.
I dislike visitors who come without informing.I do  like  gaudy and very fashionable dresses.
I don,t like swimming.I don,t like  non vegiterian dishes.I  have great dislike for football.

	Why  English is important

Nowdays ,more and more people are  dedicating time studying English as a second language .mMany countries include English  in their school syllabus and children are starting to learn English  at a younger age.But what is the  true value of  learning  English.
Whether you are looking  for a new job or planning  to travel the  world ,studying English can help you progress in life both personally and professionally .You can complete  in the global job market ,increase your career skills and stat to meet people around the world.
It is easy to see  just how important English  is around the world .Many international business  conduct meeting in English ,universities  tech courses in englishand around  the world .
English is a global language  englishis  the most commonly spoken language the world.
Studying English  can help  you  get a job.English is the language of science  aviation,computers .
English increases your chances of getting a god job in a multinational company within your  home   country .Learning English  can help  you meet  new people .
English is the official language of 53 countries.  Because of the prominence  of Hollywood in global media  an enormoves amount  of films , T.V  shows  and  popular  songs  are written in english .
English is the  language of  the Internet .
Travelling: spanishits likely  they  will  be  able to answer  your questions  in English .
Business: Englishis considered tobe one of the most importat  business  languagecdue to being the defacto language  of united  stories and the official language  of the uk  Canada ,India and south Africa.
Study all over theworld.English spoken is so many different countries  there are  thousand of school and  universities around  the world that after programmes in English.

